config option to disable required rels for use in factories (#184)
stephenafamo/bob: website/docs/code-generation/configuration.md

relationships:
  users: # The table name
    - name: "custom_videos_relationship" # A unique identifier used to configure aliases

>       never_required: true # If true, the factory will not generate the relationship, even if it's not set already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      never_required: true # If true, the relationship would never be assumed to be required. This means that the factory will never auto-generate related objects for it.
```
